"they can see this art. Most of time, your data just look like this way, look like that. But with the correct angle, they will look like this art. Art, garbage, noise. But with the correct angle, they will look like this art. And I like this statement from Carl Jung, he say, \"In all chaos, there is a cosmos, in all disorder, a secret order.\" So hope you guys can find out.\n\nSo in data preprocessing, we have so many, uh, different, uh, the different way that you can working on. So one possible way for you to working on is called aggregation. Aggregation is you can somehow combine two or more attribute value, or you can combine two or more object into single one. So for example, right here, it is a database SQL. I say I want to select the department name and their average salary. So this average salary right here is an aggregation. Why? Because I don't get every individual salary, I got a mean salary instead.\n\nWhy this one is important? Because first, reduce the data. In our department, if we have more than 500 people, by doing this aggregation, we only have one value. So reduce your data size. Second, it change the scale. For example, today you are not average, you change them to sum or counts, the scale will be changed. And sometimes you have this individual, so for example, right now, everyone probably will know what is their GPA. You have so many record about different course, different, and then they just average them and become one value. So you change your scale, become 3.5 or 3.2. Those aggregation will give you a more stable data. In other words, if you have a lot of noise, because you can imagine, if you have value right here, you might also have noise right here. They are actually being surrounded by different place. So when you average them, it looks like all the noise actually been cancelled out. So then you will give a more stable data.\n\nNext one is sampling. Sampling is the main technique employed for data selection. Don't work with the whole data, work with the simple data first. Okay."